---
layout: post
title:  "Perfume"
date:   2025-12-09
description: "What I think about the purpose of wearing perfume"
image: 
---
I think scents evoke strong feelings. They are really powerful. 

This is not against anyone with a hobby in fragrance, just my humble and semi-privte opinion. 

I like scents almost as much as I like food (lowkey same thing), and wearing fragrance is 90% for me, 10% for others. I like how certain smells tap into my memories and nostalgia, for example, d'Annam's Vietnamese Coffee or White Rice evoke such incredibly strong positive remisniscence in me, because I've BEEN there. Or citruses like Pomelo, since I grew up eating it during special occasions.

I like trying to smell different fragrances, but I don't exactly understand people wearing scents that are even though "natural" (oud, leather, musk,...),  which is simply not present in your life (yes I know you have never been a cowboy nor a lumber). I guess those who like wearing it for self-expression would think it represents them and/or others would like it, but since it has no personal connection to them AND the others, I don't see it the purpose successful nor memorable. It truly befuddles me when they put on a copius amount of those scents. It's like saying "I smell like a horse, and you have no other way but smelling me" :).

Update:
I realized first impression is not necessarily decisive of the fragrance you use. I decided to buy a wood/musk fragrance for myself and realize how I warm up to it over time. They do smell nice even though not associated with any "organic" memory of mine, and overtime of wearing it and smelling it I build memories with it. Understandably the "gourmand" fragrances like coffee or rice would leave a more nostalgic feeling when we first experience them, these less naturally common fragrances evokes really different physiologically tied emotions in us, and they are in no way inferior to their gourmand counterparts. 



